hey everybody curly chronicles here and
I'm going to teach you guys the basis
for wearing your hair in a more vintage
inspired hair do so start out with your
hair in the front you want it rolled on
a foam roller that will help you have
some volume and it will help smooth your
hair out so it's not too all over the
place because you need it to be a little
bit smooth once you take that roller out
you're going to fluff your hair out a
little bit i tend to start you know
taking it apart a little bit just to
kind of give it again a little bit more
volume I take my point finger my little
pointer finger my middle finger in my
ring finger and I will roll my hair
around that upwards towards my hair and
I'll pin it in place with a few bobby
pins this is what a victory roll is if
you if you look at videos on YouTube you
can just do a search for victory roll do
a search for it look at it we look at
videos look at them practice that that's
the best way to roll your hair this is
kind of a little you know a little bit
of a tweaked version for my hair but
that's pretty much all that I do in the
front now if you want to do something
different you can roll different pieces
of hair at a time separately so it'll
give you a different look in a different
effect so once you do that you just
secure it with bobby pins and make sure
that it's not going to move or fall out
or anything like that and then you take
the back section of your hair out and
fluff that out it's a little stringy
because it was in a bun and it takes the
shape of whatever you know however you
roll or braid your hair so it was a
little stringy but that's okay because
it's going to get tucked in I take some
castor oil and I will do just a drop of
or so of that and I rub this together in
my hands and I put it on on my hair so
that it catches the flyaways just so it
my hair is a little bit more smooth and
then I'll you know sometimes I'll brush
it down a little bit sometimes doesn't
really matter so not really big deal
then I'll take my hair and I'll start to
roll it towards itself in the center to
kind of towards the center and then I'll
start to roll up
and then I just pin that in place I use
the jumbo bobby pins written normally
I'll use about six I think I think i'm
going to probably use six in this video
that i didn't count so nine hundred
percent math but if you pin that in
place it should be pretty secure and
then what I'll do is I'm still pinning
here but what I'm going to do next is
I'm going to take the sides of my hair
and I'm going to pull them up here we go
pulling them up towards the center of my
of my head and I'm going to pin again
with a jumbo bobby pin so that's that's
really it that's all it is to it I know
you're probably like oh that's really
easy yeah it is really easy it's not
hard at all it's simple and the best
thing about it is you can kind of tweak
the style and do so many different
things with it so get in the bathroom
and have fun and try it out and see what
you think so you think here's the end
results but I hope you guys enjoyed the
video i hope you can kind of use this
for creating your own style and you
really can come up with your own style
you can come up with something that no
one's probably done yet so have fun with
that enjoy and i will see you guys soon
have a good one bye bye